.\"/*
.\" * All rights reserved
.\" *Copyright (c) [Year] [name of copyright holder]
.\" *[Software Name] is licensed under Mulan PSL v2.
.\" *You can use this software according to the terms and conditions of the Mulan PSL v2.
.\" *You may obtain a copy of Mulan PSL v2 at:
.\" *         http://license.coscl.org.cn/MulanPSL2
.\" *THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND,
.\" *EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NON-INFRINGEMENT,
.\" *MERCHANTABILITY OR FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
.\" */
.\"
.TH "keentune-target.domain" "7" "6 May 2022" "OpenAnolis KeenTune SIG" "KeenTune"
.SH NAME
keentune-target.domain - keentune-target domain file

.SH DESCRIPTION
This man page documents format of the keentune-target domain file. Domain file mainly includes setparamall, getparamall, backup and rollback functions. Is the parameter domain definition and implementation. Corresponding to the files in the /etc/keentune/parameter directory of the keentuned.

.SH DOMAIN
At the moment we're providing the following pre-defined domain:

.TP
.BI "iperf.py"
For the iperf3 network performance tool tuning. The test environment requires both an iperf server and a client.
.TP
.BI "nginx.py"
For nginx tuning. The test environment requires a nginx installation and starting the service.
.TP
.BI "sysctl.py"
Tuning for equipment system information.
.TP
.BI "sysbench.py"
In the current tuning instance, it is the performance test and optimization of the mysql database.
.TP
.BI " fio.py"
Test IOPS and optimize hard disk data processing. Install fio before tuning test.

.SH FILES
.nf
.I /etc/keentune
.I /usr/lib/python3.6/site-packages/target/domain/

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
keentune-target(8)
keentune-target.conf(5)

.SH "BUGS"
Report bugs at: https://gitee.com/anolis/keentuned/issues
